You're listening to Joe talking about love and sex.
I have been in love before or I think I felt what it is to be in love, not very often.
But I see a couple of times I've had that real feeling of love.
Now I don't know whether this is an autism thing or what or a Joe thing but
when I fall in love with somebody I wouldn't want them to know that and I'm happy just to
feel the love and then not be involved. And what I find difficult is the fact that people can be
in love and have sex and intimacy. I don't understand that. I can feel lust towards somebody
of the opposite sex but I can't love a person I feel lustful about and I find it difficult
to feel sexual about the person that I feel in love with. Because if you're in love with
somebody it's a different thing. It's pure love but if you have sex with somebody or you feel
a sexual feeling towards somebody then that is a pure physical need issue. And what I find really
difficult to understand is how people bring both together and how sex is seen as an expression of
that love. I thought how can that be? And what's confusing is some people for instance will go out
to go for stripper, watch strippers or will go for prostitution just for that physical need.
And that makes me think well if they're going for that physical need then how can I be connected
to love? And I my brain can't do it. My brain does not compute that. So it's only twice I think I've
really fell in love to the point where I can't forget that person even now. I feel brokenhearted
in some ways about it.